ELSDOC-328, added proxying through customer's own repository section (#643)
cloudlinux/tuxcare-documentation: docs/els-for-libraries/managing-els-repository/README.md

</TableTabs>

## Consuming ELS through your own repository manager

:::tip
This is optional — ELS normally connects directly (see the setup steps on each library's page). It's for organizations that already run their own repository manager (Nexus, Artifactory, etc.). The steps below use the Java repository (`els_java`) as the example; the same approach works for any ELS ecosystem — only the repository format, remote URL, and authentication differ (for PHP/Composer, note that Nexus needs a third-party plugin while Artifactory supports it natively).
:::

> Instead of pointing Maven or Gradle directly at `https://nexus.repo.tuxcare.com/repository/els_java/`, you can proxy the TuxCare Java repository through your own repository manager (Nexus, Artifactory, etc.). This is standard enterprise practice — it gives you a single egress point, local caching, and audit across all repositories your builds use, alongside public sources such as Maven Central.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of pointing Maven or Gradle directly at `https://nexus.repo.tuxcare.com/repository/els_java/`, you can proxy the TuxCare Java repository through your own repository manager. This is optional and intended for organizations that already run one — otherwise ELS connects directly, as described in the setup steps on each library's page.

The steps below use the Java repository (`els_java`) as an example, but the same approach applies to any ELS ecosystem — only the repository format, remote URL, and authentication differ..
```
